for more lounge friends iphone
Welcome to the channel dedicated to the world
apple today we are going to show you how
turn off the sound to the camera or because
could also say how to mute
the camera the procedure is very easy
of doing they look for different
methods I went around the camera a lot
to all functions and almost not
he managed to find the joke can be done
but first we invite you to subscribe to
our channel so they are pending
of the new tutorial videos of the
japan devices and iphone phone
you can click below down there
where it says subscribe that are red
I subscribe subscription is completely
free and that can give us questions
comments suggestions to silence
shutter the camera or mute the
camera you do not have to download any
program or any application is very
easy let's see how it is first that
I'm going to show you what the sound is
of the camera normally listen well
and if the dream we want to silence the
more common and more normal is that the
people try to lower the volume to
phone making us leave here and
the volume is caved in this way by
entering through it the options of
notification that are below
and sliding all this down and
this way
although you do not believe it, that is not the
way to do it because if we go down
of the volume there the sound does not
will disappear is still there that is not the
way to do it
let's go out again we're going to see
another thing that also people like that
nor is it effective is to lower the
phone up to the volume with the button
sideways
that way it does not work here either
we go down is just a little bit
to the end is heard in the idea for
mute the camera is not to lower these
volumes so let's go back be the
will go up again for you to see
we think again more raise the volume
over here and we're going to increase the volume by
here
the procedure is very simple is
too easy so do not hit the
is just here next to the
This solution has iphone5 s the
here a little button that can slide
is on top of the volume buttons if
you move it down in this case
on the iphone 5 it is and immediately it comes out
this says a notice that the phone is left
completely silenced we can
return it moved up to team
the phone remained with sound and if
world down was left by telephone
completely silenced
simply moving this case quoted
which is physical at this moment here
with red means that the phone
it was almost silenced we can silence
the shutter of the camera we are going to do
the proof
let's enter the camera again and
let's do several shots
how can you see that none of these
shots
the camera sounds so easy and simple without
no application without any adjustment of
configuration or without giving it so many laps
we can mute the shutter of the
camera or sound the camera that was
all for this video thank you very much for
see our videos do not forget
subscribe to our channel leave us
questions comments suggestions dale
I like little man up and share it in
your networks shares thanks